operations
Don't force him
give him some time
But the three of us have never been clear about it.
Drag it on?
It won't drag on forever
Lin Yang
Do you remember the park behind Aliceton?
Remember what happened to the park?
There are two towering trees to the east and one to the west.
I will wait for you in the east
Then I'll wait in the west
before sunset today
If you think clearly
Just come and find us there.
I'm waiting for you
You bastard, I'm waiting for you too
Leah
This is what you are
I know you will choose Xu Xiu
But I don't want to give up either
I don't know who you will choose either
But it's better than just waiting
I would rather take the initiative to do something
Today you have to choose one
You are making it difficult for me to do this.
and the sun
operate
Do not push him
Give him some time.
But the three of us have been so unclear
Drag it down?
It will not go on forever
Lin Yang
Do you remember the park behind Elyston?
Remember what happened to the park?
There is a towering tree to the east and a towering tree to the west
I will wait for you in the east
Then I will wait in the west
Before sunset today
If you think it through
Come find us there
I am waiting for you.
Stinky rascal, I am waiting for you too
Leah
You are
I know you will choose Xu Xiu
But I do not want to give up either.
I do not know who you will choose
But rather than waiting
I'd rather take the initiative to do something
You must choose one today
You make it hard for me to do this.